 SpaceX is about to get out of the world, and yes, the analysts are saying that it can be the largest ipo in history.
 Look, more than Google, more than anything we have seen, but there are things that nobody is telling us,
 and that is exactly what I want us to do today and that we see together, so stay because this can
 save hours of being investing. What is SpaceX? Okay, I'm sure you know him more, but the real story of
 SpaceX goes much higher than the character. He founded the company in 2002. It was already a millionaire
 by selling PayPal, that many people do not know it, and in order to buy a yacht, he put almost all his
 money into coins. Why? Because it is true that humans need to convert us into a kind of
 multi-planetary. He says that if we stay alone on the ground, we are still at the bottom of the
 extinction. Marte is his plan B for humanity, and look, he sounds crazy, except that it works. The
 Falcon 9 is the most advanced coin in history, and on top of that they invented something that nobody
 believed possible to land the coins around in the platform to reuse them in a vertical way.
 That changed all the space industry of the night in the morning. Then it is
 Starlink, its internal business for satellites, more than 6,000 satellites in orbit, more than 4
 million clients in the whole world, including ships, planes and areas where before, there was no type of
 coverage and alternative, and Starship is the most powerful coin ever built. They are designing it to go
 to the moon, and eventually to Marte. But how do you want money? Three main sources. We are going to
 see one by one. First, the launches in 2024 launched 134 times, more than two times per week,
 they take satellites, astronauts for NASA, missions, military, and with the same coins, one and
 again, they are re-utilizing some, more than 20 times. According to Starlink, this is what most
 money does not know, it generates more money than the own coins, around 8 or 9,000 million
 years of income, and it grows fast, third, StarShip, they are still developing, but NASA has
 already compromised some 4,000 million dollars to use it in a lunar mission. In total, it is estimated
 that SpaceX invests more than 15,000 million a year, impressive, right? And now comes the
 part that interests me more. What is an IPO? If I explain it quickly, imagine that you and a friend
 go to a business, grow a lot, and one day you say, today we are going to leave that other people buy a
 piece of this, sell shares to the public for the first time. That is an IPO, an initial public offer,
 because they basically do it to convert the value of the company in real money, that can be moved,
 and I am also going to do this because it has a lot of money to get out of the stock market. In the case
 of SpaceX, it is talked about a valuation of up to 1.75 or 2 million dollars, that if it is confirmed,
 it would be the largest IPO in history, what nobody is telling us, here we have to put the
 serious ones, you want to invest before it comes out again, there are platforms that allow it, but listen,
 listen, this comes before doing nothing, first, the minimum investment is going to be of 1.25 million dollars,
 it is not for the whole world, second, your money is blocked, you can not sell when you want,
 you are inside until there is an event of liquidity that can take years or even decades, third,
 you are not buying cheap, the private valuation of SpaceX already runs the 350,000 million dollars,
 the market has put a lot of pressure before the future growth, third, you are not buying cheap,
 the private valuation of SpaceX runs the 350,000 million dollars, the market has put a lot of
 growth in the future, and fourth, technically, you do not buy shares directly, it is through a special vehicle
 with its own commissions and risks, this is the story of the SIPOs, we are going to see examples, I take more than 30 years
 investing and I have seen this pattern many times, facebook in 2012, everyone wanted to enter, the actions
 opened at 38 dollars and they fell, what they bought, the first day they gave more than a year to recover
 their investment, uber in 2019, everyone used uber, it seemed obvious, but the price fell the day of the
 debt and it was under the price of ipo for four years and the general data, the 71% of the SIPOs was
 under the price of output 10 years later, the great technological, the most exciting,
 has generated a 490% return in 20 years, it sounds good, until you compare it with the SIPOs,
 almost an 800% in the same period, the exception on this is google, they were profitable and they were dominant,
 but that is rare, now we are going to see the price and the value, the price is what you pay, the value is what you
 get and here is the concept that everything changes and once you understand it, you will never see this type of
 investment in the same way, the price and the value are not the same, as I tell you the price
 what you pay, the value is what you really have and the difference between those two numbers is everything in the
 investment, a simple example, your neighbor sells his house for 500 thousand euros, but the fabric has
 been bought, the kitchen is from the 80s and the prices are bad, the house is worth 300 thousand, not 500 thousand, if you pay 500 thousand,
 you just have to make a mistake, now apply the paychecks, if you leave the bag at 2 billion, what are you paying
 exactly, paychecks income about 15 thousand million a year, google is worth 4 billion and income
 400 thousand, that is 10 times the price with respect to the sales for google, for SpaceX is at 2
 billion and you are paying 120 times his sales, SpaceX can grow faster, yes, but you are paying
 for that growth and if you do not achieve it, you already know how the story ends, speculation faces the
 investment, look, I understand you are thinking, but SpaceX is the most, they are coins and if it is the
 exception, that feeling is completely human and it is not so important to have it, but there is a
 word to put money in something based on emotion and not on the value, it is not to invest, it is to speculate, if you want to
 put a little of money that you can afford to lose in advance, but call it by its name, a bet, a
 lottery ticket, money of fun, the problem is not that I put a little money knowing that it is a game, the
 problem is that it is very convinced that it is a line of investment safe, it is always different
 until you do not see it, well, you do not take it as a advice or if it is not a advice, but before
 putting it in any emotion, be sure that you have that solid base, if you have, for example, a
 plan of pensions or equivalent maximizes it, put the money there, if your company is apportation, that is
 the best return that exists, no ipo is worth it, then if it is over, if you want, well, there is
 SpaceX, it can be the most exciting ipo that we will see in our life, but the emotion does not pay
 the jubilation, the discipline, price, value and patience, for me that is all, I already know which is my
 way of investment, my investment system and what we are following here on this channel, see you in the
 next one that I am preparing you, possibly the seven benefits, it will be better and better,